whoa
oh what are you guys up to
tech news ha
far out past the tech news dude
what timeline are we in
answer the confusing one because apple
and google have apparently joined forces
the two web giants are developing
technology that can alert people if they
have come in contact with others who
later get diagnosed with covid19 it's a
process called contact
close
it's a process called contact tracing
and it usually involves simply asking
someone about their past activities
okay
the new method uses bluetooth because
you can't just straight up talk to
people anymore you're in quarantine okay
you gotta use good technology see our
phones are constantly sending out little
pings storing anonymized data about what
other devices are in close proximity
once those other devices bluetooth
signatures are cataloged this method
could tell whether we had been close to
someone that was infected with coven
researchers at mit are working on a
similar system as well so they might
join apple and google's unholy union
i mean if you needed any more evidence
that were in the apocalypse
google and apple and mit all we're gonna
they all hate each other and my blooper
t stop it's not a thing stop trying to
make it a thing
google's busy doing other things in
addition to cooperating with their sworn
rival in their latest messaging strategy
twist the text-based hangouts chat and
video focused hangouts meet are being
rebranded to google chat and google meat
now this isn't the same consumer version
of hangouts that has existed since 2013
which was itself a rebranding of g chat
if you're not a g suite business user
hangouts will still exist
for some reason
i mean it kind of makes sense google has
said they'll discontinue hangouts for a
long time now so it just made the
confusion worse to have the brand name
hanging around if this is called
google me then what are they going to
call it when they acquire beyond me
have you tried our new google meet
the move follows an increased emphasis
on video calling by a bunch of companies
during the pandemic microsoft just added
custom backgrounds to teams to compete
with zoom although it looks like they
won't have to try so hard since zoom is
being banned in some places due to its
security problems pretty sad that we
can't hang out anymore james but i guess
we'll find a way
you left our carpool i did
and talk about shooting the messenger
animal crossing new horizons has been
abruptly pulled from retailers in china
after the game was used by pro hong kong
protesters as a way to demonstrate while
remaining inside
why didn't they ban blizzard
we'll talk about that later protesters
have posted messages reading free hong
kong and various images of hong kong
governor carrie lam and chinese
president winnie the xi jinpoo
pin duo duo and taobao have both pulled
the game from sale and although it's not
clear if the reason for this was a
government directive it's
i mean it's
it's these guys
it's all one of the same
now it's time for quick bits brought to
you by the cost gmr 54x iso gaming
headset
at drop.com based on a popular existing
design this headset features custom
engineered acoustics for immersive 3d
sound so you can become one with the
game and get positional cues to hear
where your enemies are coming from it
also has reduced tension in the
lightweight headband for extended
comfort and includes a cord splitter
inline microphone with remote and a
detachable boom mic that works with ps4
xbox nintendo switch and more without a
hassle grab it today and new users who
sign up on drop.com can get 20 off this
headset did you know that bet you didn't
you can't afford not to ah so check it
out at the link below
quick
bits
i don't know what i was thinking when i
wrote that google is reportedly going to
have to start paying french publishers
for linking to their content after a
ruling by france's
competition watchdog
the ato rote de la concoraos
okay if this model is adopted by other
eu countries and eventually north
america it could mean a massive
restructuring of the way the internet
economy works and this channel would
might be screwed
to be to be to be frank mercy references
to a high performance gpu have been
spotted in documents published by intel
and it started a round of
rumor-mongering about whether this could
be intel's high-end gaming gpu we saw a
z-gpu at ces but it was positively weak
it appears that low power model could
have just been paving the way for a high
power model and that's the one we
actually want so hurry it up intel
i want to see jensen tremble in his
leather the ethernet technology
consortium has published specifications
for the new 800 gigabit ethernet
standard if you have no context for what
that means 800 gigabits a second
translates to a hundred gigabytes a
second
that's too much actually i'd like to
take a step back can we can we slow down
here it's just the specs so far and this
tech probably won't be in consumer
products for like
a decade so put your pants back on for
now
and then take them off again because
this smart toilet has sensors that will
be able to detect health issues and
identify you from your unique this is
not i did not make up this word okay
anal print
they didn't make that up
i know well they didn't make it up
they're doing that for years
so we can thank salvador dali for the
idea he's the one who picked him up with
that word apparently
he's a freak okay get that out of your
mind we'll cleanse it with the news of
an engineered enzyme that can break
plastic down into its component
materials which can then be used to
create new plastic items do you like
that don't you james i love life you
love the environment i want to throw it
away
freak
all right that's quite enough of this
come back on monday for more tech news
and what else can i say
hope you have a good friday